[AUDIO LOGO]
>> Several channeled messages
speak of a veil around
the third dimension.
Some have referred to it as a
planetary net for protection
from any outside influence in
the early stages of evolution.
This veil appears to
be a grand design that
allows us to feel separation
and individuality.
But what happens
when we get a glimpse
of what lies beyond the veil?
>> We say veil because
that gives you a picture
in your mind of something that's
relative to your knowledge
at the time, yes?
And then you can
grasp a concept.
If we just said
multidimensionality,
you can take in the word, but
there's no picture to that,
is there?
So we brought the word "veil"
because you've seen veils.
You see through them, yes?
A bride wears a veil, you
can still see her face, yes?
But it's a separation
between her
and the outside
world for a moment.
>> The veil has
different levels.
So there is a spiritual veil.
There's an evolutionary veil.
There is a planetary
veil, which means
what we're able to see in spirit
but because the veil is there
holding a barrier until we
show that we are able to lift
those frequencies to a point
where the veil no longer has
to be.
So a lot of times people
think there's just one veil.
There is many veils.
And as we progress
as human beings
on planet Earth in
the way we interact
with each other in our cells
and then as a collective,
each veil then begins to shift
as according to our evolution.
>> This goes along with a
forgetfulness, if you will,
about the true
nature of who we are.
And some of the content talks
about that actually being
orchestrated in some way that
there's this protective field
or bubble around the
Earth that blocks humans
from really experiencing their
full expression on purpose
for the learning
opportunity and that
today, in this age, that that
protective bubble is thinning
as humanity is embarking on
this awakening phenomenon.
And these channeled
content coming
from all around
the world, how are
these similar messages coming
in from different places?
Now, some devil's
advocate might say
once there's this strong idea
that humanity is awakening
in this way, then all the other
channelers around the world
are telepathically
tuning into that
and bringing forth
that information.
My argument is,
well, if that's true,
it's incredible because
that's telepathy,
and there we go, showing
the example of that.
>> The veil is just a metaphor.
Your consciousness
is like a radio.
You could tune in, you could
tune out anytime, anywhere,
whatever reason you want to.
And so when we go
into seance, we'll
use the veil as a metaphor.
We're raising the veil,
we're opening the veil,
the veil is thinning,
however we want to say it.
And that is really
just a means of helping
you tune in to the
paranormal to be aware of it.
They teach people how to coexist
peacefully and cooperatively
with the paranormal so
that you can understand
that the paranormal is a
normal part of our world
and that the supernatural
is completely natural.
It's just we were taught
to be distant from it.
We were taught to
be afraid of it,
that it's unusual and
strange and bizarre.
And I help people to realize
it is a perfectly normal part
of who we are as human beings
and a completely natural part
of everything around us.
>> Several tools have been used
by mediums throughout history
to pierce the veil
to other dimensions.
The pendulum, planchette,
tarot cards, and crystal balls
are common tools in
the paranormal arts.
But one mystical tool became
a supernatural phenomenon.
>> When I was a kid, I was
fascinated with Ouija boards,
and I always had the question
of how something that came
in a gift-wrapped box with a
barcode on it could have any
occult properties
to it whatsoever.
And yet everyone seems to
have a scary Ouija board
story from some point in
their life or another.
Now, the earliest records that
we have of the Ouija board
is of it being used in
northern Ohio in 1886.
This is according to a
newspaper article where
it was called the alphabet
board or the witching board,
and it was a craze among
Ohio spiritualists.
About five years later, it was
patented as the Ouija board
by a group of Baltimore
novelty and toy manufacturers.
And it caught fire and spread
across the whole country.
In the late 1960s, there
was a period of time
where Ouija outsold Monopoly
as the most popular game board
in the country.
It probably could
be called a form
of at-home or
do-it-yourself channeling.
That's always been the
appeal of the Ouija board
because it felt to
people like a device
that they can use to pierce
a veil to the other side.
>> Like any device,
like any object,
like any technique or tool
or ritual in your physical
reality, it is like
anything a permission slip.
Some people simply gravitate
toward certain symbols,
certain representations
of certain frequencies.
They have an attraction to it.
And, therefore, by using that
particular tool or device,
it works to allow them
to give themselves
permission to put themselves
in the proper state
to access the
information they seek,
oftentimes thinking that it's
the device that's doing it,
but they're doing it.
They're just using the
device as an excuse
to make it seem easier
to access the information
because they don't
necessarily at first think
they have the ability to do so.
Ultimately, you realize that
all these things are just
permission slips, just triggers
for you to access things
that you're accessing anyway.
And ultimately, you become
your own permission slip
and don't need any other
rituals, techniques, or tools.
>> When it comes to the
tools of physical mediumship,
you have to remember that you
are the critical component
to the entire thing, that a
spirit cannot use a pendulum
or Ouija board or dowsing rods
or table tipping without you
sharing your energy.
You are an important part of it.
So whenever you get
something that goes wonky
in physical mediumship,
pendulum, Ouija, anything,
challenge that spirit.
Are you really this?
Are you a trickster?
Am I really picking up
this information correctly?
And that will help to
calibrate and reset that
to a more positive, conducive
information experience.
>> There are generations and
generations of stories that
come out of the Ouija board,
many of which are unsettling
or frightening.
And Ouija was re-popularized
in the novel and movie
"The Exorcist" as being
a portal to the sinister.
And so the Ouija
board has always
had an alluring and sometimes
sinister reputation.
But it's at the heart of a
lot of unusual and interesting
things.
The third most popular religion
in the nation of Vietnam
today is called Caodaism.
It ranks third after
Catholicism and Buddhism.
And it's a mystical faith that
was channeled through a Ouija
board in the early 1920s.
So Ouija lies at the
heart of a lot of things
that people wouldn't expect
in contemporary culture.
>> Growing up, I was always
told never to play with a Ouija
board or to dabble in a fun,
jokey way because that could
just attract lower beings
is what they called them.
And I think that that's true in
many other traditions as well.
And I think it leads to
this concept of treating it
as a joke or not taking
it seriously or having
these experiences be
a game if you will.
There's a lack of
sacredness and honoring
that perhaps invites
not-well-intended experiences
to come to fruition.
>> We have seen so
many movies out there.
We've seen the TV shows
that are out there.
We have eyewitness accounts.
And in today's world, we've
got all of the social media
videos of people
using Ouija boards
or going into haunted
locations reinforcing
this fear-based perceptions
of the paranormal,
which, yeah, if you believe
the paranormal is scary
and you really
believe that there
are awful, terrible
things in the paranormal,
then every one of your
paranormal experiences
is going to be awful.
But when you open
yourselves up to what's
going on, what the
world is out there,
you realize the paranormal
is not as scary as it is.
One of my big rules of
paranormal engagement
is the more you interact
with the paranormal,
the safer it gets because the
more you interact with it,
you realize, oh, this isn't
that scary at all, that rewrites
that belief that it's scary.
You interact with it
more, and you go, wow,
that was beautiful.
That was wonderful.
Maybe these people were wrong.
That belief gets rewritten.
So the more you're experiencing
the paranormal for what
it really is, the less
negative, bad things
are going to happen to
you because you're really
experiencing the reality of
it instead of the reality
that you're generating
and creating.
>> Graveyards and battlefields
are full of tales of paranormal
activity.
Several people claim to
feel the strong presence
of spirits around these sites.
Once the body dies in
the third dimension,
can souls get lost in the veil?
>> I know the human mind is
really curious and excited
about the different
personalities that are coming
through supposedly.
And yet I like to focus
right now on the content
that's coming through and
how useful that can be to us.
So when I channel or
someone else is channeling
and let's say a deceased
human is coming in
and they're giving information
about how they passed,
where they are now,
what they're up to,
is that the higher
self of the channeler,
or is that really the distinct
and separate personality
of the deceased person?
Again, we can't
know that for sure.
And yet the information
that's coming through
is often verifiable.
We can get verifiable
information
about these deceased Uncle Joes
that perhaps no one else knew
through these experiences.
>> The appearance of being lost,
the appearance of being trapped
can simply be the result of
someone who carries certain
very strong perspectives or
belief systems into the spirit
world with them and remains
in a vibrational state usually
referred to as the lower astral
realm where they are very close
to the Earth vibration
and, therefore,
can sometimes be perceived by
physical people in the form you
call ghosts.
And these people may
have unfinished business.
They may not even know
that they're dead.
They may be holding on to
certain emotional ideas.
They may not want to let
go of certain things.
They may be very
scared to move on,
not knowing what there may be.
>> And there's a rule of energy
matter that it can't be created
or destroyed.
It is conserved and changed.
So when there is an
informational imprint that
is sometimes called
a ghost, that
remains unless it's released.
Equally, there are situations
where our consciousness
doesn't end when our body dies,
when the demise of our body--
it goes on.
But if it transitions sometimes
in traumatic circumstances,
its perception can trap
it in levels of vibration
often called the astral level
where it can often be described
as a lost soul
because essentially,
their consciousness,
their perception
is trapped at that level.
And sometimes it remains because
of the trauma of their passing.
Sometimes it remains because
of the love that they have
for those they leave behind.
And so I think sometimes
we call lost souls,
but they're not
necessarily lost.
They can be trapped.
They can remain for
a period of time
ostensibly to take care
of the ones left behind.
But all of this is meaningful
informational consciousness
at play.
>> The idea is that spirit
guides will always attempt
to help them understand
that they have crossed back
into, have awoken back
into their natural selves.
And eventually, they may
simply raise their vibration
and go further into
spirit and away
from the vibration of Earth
and the lower astral realm.
>> There are many different
beings we can contact
in channeling.
One of the most popular
are spirit guides
people connect with.
And these are
essentially souls we've
had shared past
lifetimes with perhaps,
souls that are a part
of our memory complex.
They could be ancestors.
So usually, the first
entities that one
will contact in channeling when
one is learning and cultivating
the art of channeling
is a spirit guide
because these are the
beings who are watching over
you and trying to make
sure you stay on track
as much as possible.
>> Everybody has at least one
spirit guide that stays with
you for life.
We usually have many.
I have one that helps me
with bringing in the spirits,
not talking to them for me.
They used to just
come and rush me.
And like 20 people would start
talking, and I'd be like,
oh my God, it's so overwhelming
and bits and pieces here
and choppy, and I hate it.
I'm like, line up
and be in order.
>> So do I have guides?
Of course, I do.
I have a wonderful posse.
And I love them so
much, and they love me.
It's the greatest thing ever to
feel that warmth and connection
with those who protect you and
guide you in this human life,
and there's nothing like it.
And so I try not to forget
about them too much,
and I call on them.
They will knock on the wall if
they want to get my attention,
and I hear that frequently.
And I know other people do.
Or I'll hear my
name being called,
and I pay attention to that.
>> Countless practices and
tools have been devoted
to voluntarily connecting
with the spirit world.
But what happens when
we are forced to meet
these spirits beyond the veil?
Several people who have
had a near-death experience
awaken with the channeling
and healing gifts ignited.
>> There's a wonderful book by
David Fontana that talks about
the various messages that
mediums have given about what
actually happens after we die.
And there's often talk
about different levels.
And we see this in multiple
different religions
as well that perhaps
when we first pass,
there is this transitional zone
where there is a life review,
there is some sort
of integration
that happens
incorporating learnings
from our earthly existence.
And then when that
stage is complete,
there is a shift to a
different dimension or level
or whatever you want to
call it that is less dense,
that is not as connected
to the earthly world.
And we see this message over
and over again from mediums,
from multiple different
religious and spiritual
traditions.
I guess we just
need to wait and see
when it happens to
us the reality of it.
>> I had a near-death
experience in March of 1969.
I had pulmonary embolus.
Both my lungs were full of
fluid, and I could not breathe.
It felt as if I had an
elephant sitting on my chest.
And I was in intensive care.
And my family was being
prepared that I probably
wouldn't live through the day.
>> At 26, while I was
in architecture school,
I got sick on Super Bowl Sunday.
I went blind first.
And within 11 days, I was dead.
>> In my late 20s, I was
in the jungle in Belize.
And the shaman there was doing
this ritual with these herbs
and having me look into
the smoke and said to me,
you're going to die soon.
And then when I came
back from Belize,
I was laying in my room.
And there was a spirit
standing in front of me.
And it's like, are you ready?
And I was like, yes.
And it reached into my body,
and I felt excruciating pain.
I could feel all of my organs
shutting down one by one.
It was almost like my body
was this organic spirit
and the spirits were
flying out of my body.
I could feel things
just turning off.
And the pain of it
was so excruciating.
And I remember my
human side came in.
And my human side
was, I don't want
to die, I don't want to
die, I don't want to die.
And I could hear me
screaming in my head.
>> And I watched
spirits come in.
There was my father's
secretary, Kate, who had passed.
There was my Uncle
Wally and Darrell.
And there were
angels in the room.
And I've always been
connected with angels.
So this is like, hi,
everybody, how are you doing?
And I felt such peace.
It was amazing.
I wasn't afraid.
I knew I was going to
die, and that was fine.
>> I was totally aware
of what was happening.
And I had just had a new baby.
And I wanted to
stay on the planet.
I had two little kids at home.
And I kept saying, hey,
God, give me a job.
I'll do anything.
I want to stay here.
And that became a mantra.
I just kept repeating
that in my mind.
>> And I remember going up
into a beautiful tunnel,
and there were other
beings of light.
That's the only way
you can describe them.
They were in humanoid
form, but they
were made of light and
electricity and particle
colors.
And it was stunningly beautiful.
>> I was in the cubicle
of an intensive care.
And it became extremely
bright as if the sun
had risen in the room itself.
>> The room just kind of all
went very bright and liquidy.
And my ancestors were there.
And they said to me,
you're about to transition
from this dimension
to another dimension.
It's going to be very
painful in your body
if you keep trying
to fight to hold on.
Let go when it happens.
>> And in my inner mind hearing
like we hear our own thoughts,
I heard a distinct male voice
say, remember, my child,
you are loved.
>> And then I fell into
the most beautiful,
glorious white light.
And the song "Blinded by
the Light," that is true.
I was absolutely
blinded by the light.
And I felt the presence
of others around me
like I was in the
center of a huddle.
>> I just--
I gave up.
I just surrendered.
And it was this liquid.
It was this luminescent
ocean water.
It was watery.
Came in and just pulled
me out of my body.
And I was floating.
And I could see my body.
And I could hear the sound
of "eee" on their monitor.
And I could hear the
voices of everyone talking.
And I could see in every
angle that I wanted to see in.
>> And then I felt as if my
crown had opened up and that
warm honey had been poured
in because I just felt this
seeping warmth inside just
moving down through my body.
And as it went through
the trunk of my body,
I felt as if I could
take a deep breath.
>> And then it was
just this immense love.
And it was this other
energy that was there.
It was like love was
there, and then there
was this other energy
of all the things
I experience in humanity.
And I just gravitated
towards the love.
>> And I felt so welcomed
and so loved and protected.
And I couldn't see yet
with my spiritual eyes.
But slowly, I woke up.
And I noticed that there
were these incredible beings
around me.
They were angels without wings.
They didn't have any
wings or anything
like Michelangelo or Ruben
paint, but I knew they were.
And I felt like I was home.
>> These beings came into the
room, and they spoke to me.
And they said, oh, I'm
getting chills to my body.
It's like I'm there again.
They said, we're going to show
you how to heal your lungs
and breathe.
So in the morning,
you will be breathing.
But you have to follow
everything we say.
And I did everything they told
me to do with my thoughts.
And all of a sudden, in the
morning, I was breathing.
>> So it's as clear to me
today as it was 53 years ago.
And it was, I
believe, a miraculous
healing at that moment.
I started getting better.
The doctors were amazed
because they, of course,
didn't think I was going
to make it through the day.
>> I really felt the power
of interconnectedness then
and what I had done and
how we were all connected.
>> And then about six
months after I was out
of the hospital, I started
having all kinds of psychic
phenomena happening to me
externally, internally.
I could hear the messages.
There were physical
sensations when
a spirit wanted to speak to me.
The chair where I was sitting
would physically move.
So there was a lot of stuff
that was kind of unusual.
>> To me, I open up to the
unseen world because that's how
I played with it as I put my
mind through my own blindness
and put my mind through
that space of emptiness.
And then I discovered that,
again, it's not invisible.
It just has a
different structure.
It has a different resonance,
different vibration,
different levels of density.
And so I observe very keenly
all of these different things
that I've been seeing.
And my work came along
very haphazardly.
Somebody raised their hand, does
anybody a medical intuitive?
And some force just raised
my hand, and it's like--
and that was my first
client back in the '80s.
Once I died and had
that experience,
I now see the spirit world
so much more clearer now.
And it gives me
an ability to know
how to facilitate the
most needed information
that is necessary for
people at the time
that they need it versus just
giving them every single thing
that I know.
And that really helped me
to be able to serve people
in such a greater way.
>> Miracles happen.
And they're rare.
Not everybody is going
to get what I got.
I was extremely fortunate.
But miracles do happen, and they
happen in large and small ways.
And we must never forget that.
>> As more and more channels
open and this veil around
our reality is pierced,
what other messages will be
delivered to inspire and remind
us about the amazing power
within humanity?
>> The phenomenon of who
you are here on this planet,
really what you are as a soul,
and who you're here to be will
come more and more
into fruition.
And you'll be more and
more comfortable with it.
And that's when words like
channeling or spirit or spirit
guides will start to fade
into a common language
that we all
understand and accept.
>> Where is the next level?
Is it an actual spatial place?
I don't know.
My intuitive sense is that
it's a layered reality somehow
and that with my
physical eyes, I can only
see certain aspects of that.
But just like we put on
3D glasses in the theater,
if I had a different
filter, I might
be able to see
things that I can't
see with my physical eyes.
Channeled content is full of
the term "dimensions," is full
of the term "frequency."
And I'm very much
looking forward
to developing the tools
to actually measure
these frequencies.
>> The energy is
refined so much more,
and the veils between the
dimensions are thinner than
they've ever been.
So the recognition
of all that you are
is possible, all that you've
been, and all that you will be.
That's the aperture expansion
we're speaking about, taking
in the bigger picture.
[MUSIC PLAYING]